# Project 3
### Web Scraping

### Roles
* Overall Project Manager: Zhengqi Dong
* Coding Manager: Pranay Byreddy
* Testing Manager: Trevor Shirey
* Documentation: Yi Zhao

### Description
* To get a first look over all the cities, go to extra_map directory and open the map.html page. It will gives basic information of where you can go and what the program name is.
* To get more specific information, please run the file: studyAbroad.rb and follow the instruction. Finally a html page will be generated (locates in Project-3-TYP-HD).
* When implementing the extra functionalities of map.html, Yi had trouble reading JSON files into javascript so some array are hard coded. The hardcode can be generated by running ruby files in extra_map directory. 

### How to get start
1. Follow this page to install the bundle, [Working with Ruby library](http://web.cse.ohio-state.edu/~shareef.1/3901.su19/labs/gems.html)
2. Checkout to master branch and updated to the laster version
3. Using the following command to work with bundle:
  * Install all of the required gems from your specified sources:
```console
  $ bundle install
  $ git add Gemfile Gemfile.lock
```
  * run the program
```console
  $ bundle exec ruby studyAbroad.rb
```
4. An example as bellow
```
drago@drago-VirtualBox:~/cse3901/Project-3-TYP-HD$ bundle exec ruby scarpingJob.rb 
```
:+1:
:rocket:

### pseudocode 

1.	Fill the form. 
 * Display all the avaliable Text Box
 * Asking user to fill the form
 * Save the form.
2.	Scraping the website by using the specification from user.
 * send the HTTP request
 * Save the HTML code to a local file
3.	Filter out the useful information.
 *  using regular expression to clean the HTML code
 * Reorganzie the information in a redable format
4.	Save information to a local file
 * Save cleaned information into a local file
5.	Send the information to user email
 * Ask user Fname, Lname, and email
 * Send the list of information to user

### Web to look at
1. https://readysteadycode.com/howto-scrape-websites-with-ruby-and-mechanize
2. https://medium.com/@jordan.eckowitz/web-scraping-in-ruby-with-mechanize-a8570ef48e5a
### Target Website
1. [OSU Job page](https://www.jobsatosu.com/postings/search)
2. [ruby page](https://rubygems.org/)
3. [IMDB page](https://www.imdb.com/)

### Contributions
Please list who did what for each part of the project.
Also list if people worked together (pair programmed) on a particular section.

* Drago - Created, Implemented the oranizer.rb file, which being able to scrape each program's name, location. Tested each single function with command line window with in organizer.rb file, and finished the integration test 
* Hannah - Implemented send email function. 
* Trevor - Implemented getUserInput, generating HTML and saveFile functionalities. (In studyAbroad.rb) Do integration test. 
* Pranay - Implemented Organizer.rb, Collecting all the information from each subpages (GPA, CITY, COUNTRY, ...) using regular expression. Scraping of locations, housing information, gpa requirements, program names and links using regular expressions
* Yi - Implemented functionalities that submitting form and storing all resulted page links. (Scraper.rb) Scraping original page to get all cities and countries. (LocationSet.rb). Scraping geocode website to get coordinates for all cities. Write helper class to help generate javascript codes. Write a map.html page to give user a welcome page. (./extra_map/map.html) 
# Project03_Web_Scraping
